E-BOOK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

AIM:
To draw the diagrams[usecase,activity,sequence,collaboration,class,statechart, component, deployment, package ] for E-book management system.

SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS SPECIFICATION

SL.NO
SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS SPECIFICATION
1.0
Hardware Requirements
1.1
Software Requirements
1.2
Problem Analysis and ProjectPlan
1.3
Project description
1.4
Reference

1.0 ​HARDWAREREQUIREMENTS:
Intel Pentium ProcessorI3/I5
1.1 ​SOFTWAREREQUIREMENTS:
Rationalrose/ArgoUML
1.2 ​PROBLEMANALYSISANDPROJECTPLANNING
E-book Management System gives an idea about how books are maintained in the particular websites. The books that are to be purchased, the books that are to be soldare maintained here. . Further some additional details of the current books that is available in the store are also given. E book Management System in this project is done in an authorized way. The password and user id has been set here.
1.3 ​PROJECTDESCRIPTION:
This software is designed to manage the books that were read through the internet.This consists of the details of the e-bookthatwerereadbytheuseronline.Itwillbecontrolledbythe central system. This system act as a backup of all details together.
1.4 ​REFERENCES:
IEEE Software Requirement Specificationformat.


USE CASEDIAGRAM:
This diagram will contain the actors, use cases which are givenbelow
Actors:user,e-bookmanagement
Use case: login ,search books, download ,pay for the books, logout.

CLASSDIAGRAM:
This diagram consists of the following classes, attributes and theiroperations.

ACTIVITYDIAGRAM:
ThisdiagramwillhavetheactivitiesasStartpoint,Endpoint,Decisionboxesasgiven
below:
Activities: Search for the e-book site,search for the book,downloadbook
Decision box:checkavailability

SEQUENCEDIAGRAM:
This diagram consists of the objects, messages and returnmessages.
Object:User ,E-book management,Internet

COLLABORATIONDIAGRAM:
This diagram contains the objects and actors. This will be obtained bythecompletionof the sequence diagram and pressing the F5 key.

STATECHARTDIAGRAM:
It is a technique to describe thebehaviorofthesystem.Itdescribesallthepossiblestates that a particular object gets into the object oriented technique. State diagram are drawn for a single class to show to the lifetime behaviour of a single objects.

COMPONENTDIAGRAM:
Thecomponent diagram is represented by figure dependency and it is a graph ofdesign offiguredependency.The component diagram's main purpose is to show the structural
relationships between the components of a systems.It is represented by boxed figure. Dependencies are represented by communication association.

DEPLOYMENTDIAGRAM:
A deployment diagram in the unified modeling language serves to model thephysical deployment of artifacts on deployment targets. Deployment diagrams show "the allocation of artifacts to nodes according to the Deployments defined between them. It is represented by 3- dimentional box. Dependencies are represented by communication association


PACKAGEDIAGRAM:
A package diagram in unified modeling language that depicts the dependencies between the packages that make up a model. A Package Diagram (PD) shows a grouping of elements in the OO model, and is a Cradle extension to UML. PDs can be used to show groups of classes in ClassDiagrams(CDs),groups of components or processes in Component Diagrams (CPDs), or groups of processors in Deployment Diagrams (DPDs).
There are three types of layer.They are
    • User interfacelayer
    • Domainlayer
    • Technicalserviceslayer

PROGRAMCODING:
E-BOOKMANAGEMENT:
public class e-book management extendsinternet
{
public Integerenterid;
public Integerverifyuser;
public voidcheckavailability()
{
}
}
USER:
public class user1 extendsinternet
{
public Integerlogin;
public Integer logout; public voidsurfbooks()
{
}
}
CENTRALSYSTEM
public class centralsystem
{
public Integerenterid;
publicIntegerdownload; public Integer login;
publicIntegerlogout; public void verify()
{
}
public voidstatus()
{
}
}

RESULT:
Thus the draw the diagrams [usecase, activity, sequence, collaboration, class,statechart, component, deployment, package ] for E-book management system.



